docs(presto-clp): Add step about changing `database.host` to a non-localhost hostname/IP since Presto runs on the Docker rather than host network. (#1154)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-guide/guides-using-presto.md

### Setting up CLP

1. Follow the [quick-start](./quick-start/index.md) guide to download and extract the CLP package.
Before proceeding, navigate to `etc/clp-config.yml` in the package. Locate and uncomment the
`database:` section, and change the `database.host` parameter to a non-localhost hostname/IP. The

> `database:` section should look like this:

Reviewer: For readability in an editor, etc., we should indent these lines to the same level as the first line of the bullet.

> 1. Follow the [quick-start](./quick-start/index.md) guide to download and extract the CLP package.
> Before proceeding, navigate to `etc/clp-config.yml` in the package. Locate and uncomment the
> `database:` section, and change the `database.host` parameter to a non-localhost hostname/IP. The
> `database:` section should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the [quick-start](./quick-start/index.md) guide to download and extract the CLP package,
   but don't start the package just yet.
2. Before starting the package, update the package's config as follows:

```

    ```yaml
    database:
      type: "mariadb"  # "mariadb" or "mysql"
      host: "<new-IP-address>"
      port: 3306
      name: "clp-db"
    ```

>     For CLP’s database, `localhost` indicates the host itself, but for the Presto coordinator and

Reviewer: Try to use straight (') rather than curly quotes (’) since that gives renderers the option to render the quote as they see fit.

>     ```yaml
>     database:
>       type: "mariadb"  # "mariadb" or "mysql"
>       host: "<new-IP-address>"
>       port: 3306
>       name: "clp-db"
>     ```
> 
>     For CLP’s database, `localhost` indicates the host itself, but for the Presto coordinator and
>     worker(s), `localhost` points at the container Presto is running within, as the coordinator and
>     worker(s) run on a kind of virtual network.
>     Infrastructure that will support CLP and the Presto container running within the same network is
>     in development.

Reviewer: ````suggestion

    * Open `etc/clp-config.yml` located within the package.
    * Uncomment the `database` section.
    * Change `database.host` value to a non-localhost hostname/IP.
    * After the change, the `database` section should look something like this:

        ```yaml
        database:
          type: "mariadb"  # "mariadb" or "mysql"
          host: "<new-IP-address>"
          port: 3306
          name: "clp-db"
        ```

    :::{note}
    This change is necessary since the Presto containers run on a Docker network whereas CLP's
    database runs on the host network. So `localhost` refers to two different entities in those
    networks. This limitation will be addressed in the future when we unify Presto and CLP's
    deployment infrastructure. 
    :::

````

> 2. Continue the [quick-start](./quick-start/index.md#using-clp) guide to start up CLP and compress
> your logs. A sample dataset that works well with Presto is [postgresql].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Continue following the [quick-start](./quick-start/index.md#using-clp) guide to start CLP and
   compress your logs. A sample dataset that works well with Presto is [postgresql].
```

> 

Author: this isn't true. it renders correctly (the entire paragraph stays within the 2. list item)
